Here at Vimeo, there's always
one thing on our minds:
how to make your videos
look amazing, wherever they appear.
The quality of our player
was already the best in the galaxy,
but we wanted to make
the best thing about Vimeo
even better, so we put
our best developers and designers
on the job. They threw around
a few ideas, and a lot of words,
words like "future-ready,"
"better sharing,"
"wider accessibility,"
"singularity," "truth," "beauty."
They combined all the special
ingredients that could make
our platform smarter,
faster, and more responsive,
a player that even haters could love.
After months of work,
we found the perfect solution:
a player that worked
just like the old one, only better.
Introducing the new Vimeo player.